Core Text Hyperlink View
========================

- Uses AutoHyperlinks code from Adium [http://code.google.com/p/maccode/wiki/AutoHyperlinks](http://code.google.com/p/maccode/wiki/AutoHyperlinks)

Project includes an example of how to use the core text view. It's pretty simple - create the view with a 0 height frame, set the attributes, set its text, and then ask it for it's size so that the height is just correct. It will calculate based on the constraining width, and any padding that you set.

There is also a Twitter specific subclass that enables @usernames and #hashtags to be linkified.

**Settable Attributes:**

- textAlignment
- textColor
- linkColor
- highlightedLinkColor
- fontName
- fontSize
- paddingTop
- paddingLeft
- backgroundImage
- bgImageTopStretchCap
- bgImageLeftStretchCap

Licenses
========

CoreTextHyperlinkView
---------------------

Copyright 2011 James Addyman (JamSoft). All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are
permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of
      conditions and the following disclaimer.

   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list
      of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
      provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY JAMES ADDYMAN (JAMSOFT) ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL JAMES ADDYMAN (JAMSOFT) OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The views and conclusions contained in the software and documentation are those of the
authors and should not be interpreted as representing official policies, either expressed
or implied, of James Addyman (JamSoft).

AutoHyperlinks
--------------


The AutoHyperlinks Framework is the legal property of its developers (DEVELOPERS), whose names are listed in the
copyright file included with this source distribution.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  
- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  
- Neither the name of the AutoHyperlinks Framework nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.  

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ITS DEVELOPERS ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ITS DEVELOPERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

AutoHyperlinks Framework
(c) 2004-2008 by the following:

Colin Barrett  
Graham Booker  
Jorge Salvador Caffarena  
Evan Schoenberg  
Augie Fackler  
Stephen Holt  
Peter Hosey  
Adam Iser  
Jeffrey Melloy  
Toby Peterson  
Eric Richie  
David Smith  